doc: Add documentation for direct-xip merged slot build files (#24787)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/mcuboot/readme-ncs.rst

See the `MCUboot output build files`_ page for a list of all these files.

Using MCUboot in the direct-xip mode
************************************

When you use MCUboot in the direct-xip mode, enable the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_BUILD_DIRECT_XIP_VARIANT` sysbuild Kconfig option to let the build system generate an additional set of files for the second application slot.
For platforms other than nRF54H20, these files are identical to the ones listed on the `MCUboot output build files`_ page, but they are placed in the :file:`mcuboot_secondary_app` folder for the main application, while the files for the remaining applications are located in the respective :file:`<application>_secondary_app` folder.
For example, :file:`mcuboot_secondary_app/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` is created and placed in the second slot on the target device when the :file:`zephyr.signed.bin` file is placed in the first slot.
Similarly, the :file:`ipc_radio_secondary_app/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` file is created and placed in the second slot on the target device when the :file:`ipc_radio/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` file is placed in the first slot.

> For nRF54H20, the merged-slot variant is used, in which the application and radio core images are merged into a single image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For nRF54H20, the merged-slot variant is used, in which the application and radio core images are merged into a single image.
```

See the `MCUboot output build files`_ page for a list of all these files.

Using MCUboot in the direct-xip mode
************************************

When you use MCUboot in the direct-xip mode, enable the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_BUILD_DIRECT_XIP_VARIANT` sysbuild Kconfig option to let the build system generate an additional set of files for the second application slot.
For platforms other than nRF54H20, these files are identical to those listed on the `MCUboot output build files`_ page.
However, they are placed in the :file:`mcuboot_secondary_app` folder for the main application, while the files for the remaining applications are located in their respective :file:`<application>_secondary_app` folders.
For example, the :file:`mcuboot_secondary_app/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` file is created and placed in the second slot on the target device when the :file:`zephyr.signed.bin` file is placed in the first slot.
Similarly, the :file:`ipc_radio_secondary_app/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` file is created and placed in the second slot on the target device when the :file:`ipc_radio/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` file is placed in the first slot.

> For nRF54H20, the merged-slot variant is used, in which the application and radio core images are merged into a single image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the nRF54H20 SoC, the merged-slot variant is used, in which the application and radio core images are merged into a single image.
```

> In this case, the files used for the update are found in the common :file:`zephyr` directory (not under any application folder).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, the update files are located in the common :file:`zephyr` directory, rather than within any specific application folder.
```

The file used for the primary application is :file:`zephyr.signed.bin`, while the file used for the secondary application is :file:`zephyr_secondary_app.signed.bin`.

> For more information about the direct-xip mode, see the *Equal slots (direct-xip)* section in the :doc:`Bootloader documentation <design>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For more information about the direct-xip mode, see the *Equal slots (direct-xip)* section in the :doc:`Bootloader documentation <design>`.
```

> .. note::

Reviewer 3: This note has become absolutely massive and I would argue it should be converted to a section titled 'Using MCUboot in the direct-xip mode' or something similar.

   When you use MCUboot in the direct-xip mode, enable the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_BUILD_DIRECT_XIP_VARIANT` sysbuild Kconfig option to let the build system generate an additional set of files for the second application slot.

>    For platforms other than nRF54H20 these files are identical to the ones listed on the `MCUboot output build files`_ page, but they are placed in the :file:`mcuboot_secondary_app` folder for the main application, while the files for the remaining applications are located in the respective :file:`<application>_secondary_app` folder.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   For platforms other than nRF54H20, these files are identical to the ones listed on the `MCUboot output build files`_ page, but they are placed in the :file:`mcuboot_secondary_app` folder for the main application, while the files for the remaining applications are located in the respective :file:`<application>_secondary_app` folder.
```

   For example, :file:`mcuboot_secondary_app/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` is created and placed in the second slot on the target device when the :file:`zephyr.signed.bin` file is placed in the first slot.
   Similarly, the :file:`ipc_radio_secondary_app/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` file is created and placed in the second slot on the target device when the :file:`ipc_radio/zephyr/zephyr.signed.bin` file is placed in the first slot.

>    For nRF54H20 the merged-slot variant is used, in which the application and radio core images are merged into a single image.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   For nRF54H20, the merged-slot variant is used, in which the application and radio core images are merged into a single image.
```

>    In this case the files used for update are found in the common (not under any application folder) :file:`zephyr` directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   In this case, the files used for update are found in the common :file:`zephyr` directory (not under any application folder).
```
